including the option to buy another 20 aircraft , overall , in fact , the $ 26 billion .
719 stocks rose and fell 2281 and 79 were at the same level .
some of the love birds , others would like to get rid of them as quickly as possible . ravens centuries were part of the urban landscape , but residents , complaining of the dirt and noise , in many localities are becoming more .
the first symposium on воронам , in the eastern city of лер фризии experts argued that the грачей impossible out of cities .
hunt , the traditional construction and cutting trees for nesting made the life of the birds .
in the city of зест in westphalia , and in the north - west in йевере дипхольце , ахиме under бременом and лере big colony , more than 600 parenting couples .
critics described the ловлю birds in the trap and забивание their sticks as a special cruelty .
сбивание nests water or cutting trees often have undesirable consequences , said environmental expert manfred kaiser of lara , baden - wurttemberg .
распугивание possible only in the form of exclusion of the next , with the hospitals , nursing homes and schools .
in isolation from the surrounding areas the problem in the cities will not be solved , " mayor лера wolfgang кельнер says .
" information stands instead of бензопил " - was the slogan , proposed by a psychologist and этнологом утой maria jurgens , which stands for completely different approach to the birds . " we should be confident , to live with the problem . "
wit and wits of the birds into legends . грачи often use guns , not only to приглянувшимся piece , but guns do themselves .
in one experiment birds quickly understood that the need to knock the дощечке to striker моли .
in another experiment in сообразительным грачам was to be resolved more complex task .
all four birds took advantage of the wire , used to make hooks and hooks to catch the bucket for a pen and pull him out of the cylinder .
фавориты portugal , croatia and the czech republic , plus ireland , will participate in the championship , 2012 .
under the leadership of the superstar cristiano ronaldo , who scored at 8 and 53 minutes , portugal beat bosnia and herzegovina with a score of 6:2 ( 2-1 ) , getting his fifth exit from the euro after 0:0 ideal as the first stage .
croatia missed its chance by playing 0:0 against turkey and ireland easily managed account 1:0 ( 1:1 ) against estonia .
former professional player from bundesliga вольфсбурга звездан мисимович and captain gurganj спахич reduced разницуна результативному by two points on the 41 - minute penalty and goal at the 65th for bosnia .
portugal has already выбивала bosnia playoff of the 2010 world cup in south africa .
ronaldo took an early start , a free strike at the gate with approximately 30 meters .
bosnians who do not have opened an account in the first half , got their first opportunity for the attacker эдину джеко .
following the attack on элдера поштигу in the penalty area bosnians on the 36th minute штарк decided that the portuguese player симулировал , and showed him a yellow card .
after the break to the vice - champions of europe , 2004 at the expense of another four голами .
european champions of 1976 , will go on the championship of europe in the fifth time in a row .
goalkeeper peter чех on the 9 - minute thanks to the instant рефлексу prevented potential автогол томаша сивока .
дамьянович dealt a blow on the 40 - minute from the edge of the penalty area , and almost scored чеху .
the goal has been beaten just in time before the final whistle .
four days after losing 0:3 in istanbul , the turks have not been able to play better than the 0:0 in zagreb .
turks have almost perfect start on the eyes of the 31,000 viewers in the stadium максимир .
croatia then woke up and all the more захватывала control of the game .
the bundesliga daniel пранич ( bavaria , munich ) and gordon шильденфельд ( айнтрахт , frankfurt ) were in the field with mario манджукичем team of wolfsburg , which succumbed to the place of ivan перишичу дортмунда on the 62 - minute .
the irish in dublin celebrated his first entry into the euro after germany in 1988 .
konstantin vasil'ev guests team of сравнял account on the 57th minute .
in the last moment in the estonian defender could not give him to ireland forward .
round the protection of the goalkeeper paul лондака , ward was in the right place and , the ball through the line , has changed the account at 1:0 .
the 52 - year - old woman was seriously damaged on monday in berlin district лихтенберг as a result of a fall in the streetcar .
streetcar was forced to dramatically slow the херцбергаллее when suddenly stopped the car in front of him .
armed man robbed a store in the berlin district of фриденау in the evening on monday .
after the box with the money was given , the robber fled неопознанным and неустановленным quantity of money .
he tried to evade a collision with фургоном trailer , which unexpectedly left on the road with a petrol station .
police in a statement on tuesday reported that she tried to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing at the crossroads of karl - liebknecht - strasse and александерштрассе .
a woman was struck by an off - and was taken to hospital in critical condition for inpatient treatment .
the car stopped and the man fled on foot .
in шведте pedestrian выстрелили from the balcony of a gun and a woman .
she received a рваную in the wound and was brought to the hospital .
a police spokesman said that there is no connection between a woman and suspects .
driver - a man seriously injured in the city potsdam - миттельмарк with лобовом clash with the truck .
car thrown from a strong impact on the opposite side of the road , where he was confronted with the truck .
woman was seriously damaged when trying to steal her bag in нидергерсдорфе in the district of тельтов - fleming .
when the victim has resisted , he hit her with the hands and the head .
elderly обкрадывали several times in the past week in the cemetery in фюрстенвальде .
for the victims were mainly in older women , the ухаживавшие graves of relatives .
the last theft of a few of hundreds of thousands of euros in cash was done in the last friday .
boys aged 15 to 25 years разрисовали railway car in хоэншенхаузенер гренцграбене .
but they were soon arrested at the stop the ландсбергер - alley .
disabled man on the stroller seriously injured when he crossed the road in шведте .
machine задела buggy , a man and fell on the road and head injuries .
car and got the injury in the seven - year - old the child was shot down веддинге
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with facial and leg injuries .
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned .
a police spokesman said that the 34 - year - old man tried to extinguish the fire .
police in a statement said that меллендорфштрассе car skidded , it stopped on the tram rails and on the rails .
was caused by the fire brigade , and she had to take seriously the 23 - year - old passenger from покореженного car and deliver it in the hospital .
police in a statement reported that residents of the home noticed smoke in the apartment stairwell and caused the fire brigade .
two people have suffered in the fight in the fast - food restaurant in the evening of панкове on saturday .
two 19 - year - old tried to help young people , but were immediately beaten the four men .
eyewitness courageously came to help girls , which приставали on гезундбруннен metro station , and was beaten .
fire started on the construction site in the quarter посольском тиргартена on saturday .
from the fire of a large cloud of smoke , which was seen with some distance .
труба central heating and power transmission line of the district also were injured by the fire .
police in a statement saturday said that a man about red in the martin - опиц strasse when approached three criminals and asked how much time .
police found поллучившего serious injury to the man lying on the street and called an ambulance .
the police in a statement on saturday reported that the 49 - year - old employee of the berlin transportation services ( bvg ) was forced to stop зеештрассе веддинге after it suddenly attacked the 30 - year - old man .
police soon arrested a drunken man . boy had to pick up his grandfather .
police in a statement reported that a resident of the house caught fire around midnight and also saw two men dressed in dark , who перелезали штеегерштрассе through the wall of the nearby cemetery .
police said in a statement friday that the labrador , presumably , jumped on the stove , to get to your meal .
bella in the fourth part of finally will be able to marry her lover .
software maker in europe , sap plans to invest billions of dollars and almost double the number of employees in china in the next few years .
" we create more opportunities for research and development and take the work of thousands of people , " bill said in a statement макдермотт , one of the sap executive board of directors , at the consumer exhibition in beijing .
leader of the global industrial software market plans to double the number of their offices from five to ten or eleven .
in this country , which is experiencing an economic boom , is about 4,000 sap of the more than 176 million customers worldwide .
sap plans to increase the turnover of up to 20 billion euros by 2015 .
business software provider , with 55,000 employees worldwide , looks better than ever .
" now we want to change the scale of our operations , " said макдермотт .
here is the board , how to read more : carefully cut bookmark this page and use it as .
book he wrote his now - unusual , he describes it neatly , as a " work - history . "
it was not so much a book about that , " he explains , " as " a book about what it was . " it is about " feelings , impressions , experiences and state of mind " .
their lives мерцают here , as church candles : new added to the number of other , and some in this time are dampened .
this amendment to the notion that the first world war ii was the only heavy окопной war on the western front .
the soldiers are in this book пчелиные beehives ; one of them meets the christmas in egypt under the pyramids ; нерешаемая the problem is the tsetse fly .
war накрывает lives of these people , as natural disaster , as hurricane katrina , smells бездымным порохом .
" lack of facts , " says mr englund , the scenic conjecture , assumptions , hopes , fears , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares and rumors . "
their stories are mainly from memoirs , letters and other published materials .
many of them the лишениях and about how to deal with them .
" заменителькофе , forged aluminum , rubber , paper , bandages , ненастоящая timber пуговицы . "
he describes the meat of stabilized rice , brewed in бараньем fat ( and украшенного false bone made from wood ) ; tobacco , made of dried roots and сушеной potato кожуры ; shoes , подбитую a tree . "
british soldiers , by contrast , notes that he is likely to die and no one notices not огорчится .
but it is on the contrary , i like the " , a man who is secretly . "
" conflict increasingly become the economic competition , " mr. englund writes , " war plants . "
people act in unexpected ways : the low of as much as the of heroism .
" the most grotesque expression that you can see in the trade of гонорейным гноем soldiers who have bought and размазывали himself in the genitals in the hope to get into the hospital , " he writes .
translated from the swedish peter грейвзом prose mr. энглунда flexible , but understated , beautifully fitted for his humanitarian challenges .
the book of mr. энглунда part of in this нешаблонный pantheon .
monday night with the tuesday were chosen because in zuccotti park at this time would be less likely .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was in the centre of the event , his presence подчеркивало as much value to the operations of the police department .
so after two weeks of planning and training the police operation began on the release of protesters from the zuccotti park .
the biggest anti - crisis exercises were conducted on the island рэнделс with зукотти .
the latest training took place on the evening monday on the манхэттенской side of the east river .
" the number of cops , which i know and which have caused this case , said that their guide in zuccotti park , " said the man who spoke on condition of anonymity .
one of the reasons of secrecy was a lesson learned of the city .
in the operation on tuesday attended by members of the various police units , including the police force of the districts , the team , which normally used for control of the criminal окрестными district .
was the " right to do it then , when in the park is the least of all people , " he said .
floodlights and pre - recorded announcements , несущиеся blared from loudspeakers , it seems , устрашили many parts of the protesters .
police said that tents not to be touched until 1:45 a.m. , giving the protesters time to collect things .
but many argue that they did not see how the police , and the police treated rudely .
when police went to the west through a pile of personal belongings protesters , including bags , plastic mats and полиэтиленовые bags full of clothes , the health department followed the team , it was collecting that брошено .
the main group of protesters took positions near the kitchen camp , the center of the park .
about 10 people in the epicenter of the camp сковали itself together in the hands .
the mop - up operation was completed in about 75 minutes , police said .
most of them were arrested for " a violation of the public order and the resistance when questioned , " he said .
фил . т. пуласки , the head of the detective police department , also i was there .
the second group of police officers was in the waiting along the eastern side of the broadway , between liberty street and сидар street , the case will have to enter .
observers have seen with these positions police расширяла perimeter beyond the borders of zuccotti park .
around 5 a.m. to the south of pine street -- one of the protesters jumped on the roof of the police car , and others , according to witnesses in the air out of the tires of a police van .
as a result of the one policeman and one of the protesters were hospitalized .
school employees union , representing hundreds of staff , who lost their seats in last month , plans to sue the city on wednesday , arguing that the dismissals were not needed and were discriminatory because of the disproportionate impact on the school , where poor students .
six hundred and seventy - two school assistant coordinator , working with parents and other officials , who were among the most low - wage workers in the city , have lost their place on october 7 as a result of that union leaders called the political reaction to them refusing to give the city access to health care funds run by groups working to close a hole in the budget last spring .
at a hearing in the city council last month , the schools chancellor dennis m. уолкотт said that the layoffs were part of the budget , which they signed in june .
representatives of the district council 37 reported that they have the notice claims , department of education , warning that filed against him ; on wednesday will be held a press conference to announce the formal filing suit in state supreme court in manhattan .
elizabeth thomas , a spokesman for the legal department in the city , said that the city have n't seen the lawsuit and therefore cannot comment on specific provisions .
he points out that while the статен island layoffs was not , and schools in the upper east side or трибеки their was little , 17 school support workers lost their seats in the district 23 in браунсвилле , brooklyn , and 46 was forced to resign in the districts of 8 and 9 in the south bronx .
p.s. budget 36th was scrapped 3,26 per cent this year , and it also lost money when the city has changed the way of counting the additional funding for every poor student , who is enrolled in school .
the notification , used the word " excess " , although the " excessive " more often , when a teacher of the payroll school moves in the list of available workers , which pays wages central office .
all that is needed , to the rebellion failed , a longtime dictator muammar qaddafi was captured and killed , and the american intervention .
" in the sense of resolution to give honor отважному people of libya , when they rebuild their country , " said kerry .
language may seem harmless , but no discussion of the libya was easy .
in june , kerry and mccain have unveiled the resolution , which limited the use of the american armed forces in libya .
but in the same day , when the bill failed in the house of representatives , the house also not supporting the proposal which would cut funding for the u.s. mission in libya .
resolution " admires the people of libya 's foreign affairs committee for his incredible courage and the formidable resistance in pursuit of freedom " and thanks the men and women of the armed forces of the united states and their coalition partners , who participated in the military operation to protect the libyan people for their unusual courage and professionalism " .
whether the new measures will receive full support of the council of foreign affairs or расколют legislators , as the june bill ?
представитель люгера said on monday , that he was not seen the latest version of the bill .
this measure , proposed a member of the u.s. house of representatives of the bob гудлатом ( republican virginia ) , the budget will be the first constitutional amendment or any other , which will be on the plenary vote in congress this session .
поправка гудлата - just one of the 68 constitutional amendments , affecting a wide range of issues , which were made in this meeting .
there is at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendments only in the house of representatives and much else about the " control of federal spending . "
the budget control act , which passed in august , demanded that the house of representatives , and the senate voted for a balanced budget amendment .
in addition to the budget , some of the congressmen want to limit the number of terms of members of congress , jose serrano ( democrat and member of the house of representatives , new york ) wants to cancel the restriction of the two terms for the president .
amendment banning same - sex marriage offer for many years , as well as another , banning burning the flag .
no matter how tried to find members of congress propose amendments , they are no faster than in previous years .
this rate pales in comparison with the beginning of the 1990s , when members of congress , according to the library of the senate , regularly offered more than 150 amendments every two years .
the latest amendment , which was adopted , the 27 - i - was approved by parliament in 1992 , but in congress it was actually in 1789 .
ten months after an armed man shot in her emphasis on public event in tucson , a member of the democratic party , of the house of representative gabrielle giffords ( ariz. ) on monday evening , appeared on the federal channel подпела melody from бродвейского show " the sun will return tomorrow and said that " wants to get better , more than to return to congress .
program has shown its bumpy recovery after the trauma of a bullet which раздробила пробила the left side of the brain and skull , going from front to rear their heads .
in his first television interview after the january shooting , in which six were killed and 13 people wounded , giffords smiled , laughed and sang " and called his recovery " difficult " .
interviews with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of the hour " 20/20 " special edition , which was shown on the eve of the new book of the spouses " гэбби : the story of courage and hope . "
in the video , the kelly in the first few weeks , it lies in a hospital bed with a shaved head and a long scar on forehead .
a few months later , we see how giffords is sitting in the stroller , and the physiotherapists teach her how to perform simple actions .
a few days later , giffords said at the second word of the " toast " , a request to change the breakfast menu .
in an interview with sawyer giffords , who spends two hours per day on the procedure , said that he did not remember the day of assassination attempts .
suspected attacker джерд ли лафнер is in missouri and is subject to compulsory treatment in prison awaiting trial .
" i said : " гэбби , beaten , " " kelly said .
and you 'll pass through this you выздоровеешь and вернешься stronger than ever before .
the event was celebration on wall street , which has raised millions of dollars for homeless veterans in the new york .
at a signal from a few of hundreds of soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines выстроились around him .
" the soldiers watched as the heroes , " said david зальцман money , which organized the spring collection .
" treated like with orphaned children , " the officer wrote in an email .
completely opposite impression illustrate the uneasy relationship that developed between the army and often indifferent , and sometimes восхищенной american audience .
" we are not victims , " said brigadier general sean b. mcfarland , who commanded troops in iraq and soon left in afghanistan .
this is a very sensitive topic for commanders , who do not want to seem ungrateful or несогласными with society , which they serve .
as a result , most conversations about the pity is going on quietly and just between the two of combat veterans .
some people will look at them with admiration , because they smash the insurgents and were in exotic locations .
while looking for work , he says , he felt that some of the interviewers cautiously asked whether he could withstand the strain responsible for work in washington immediately after the combat tour .
awkwardness , that military experience , in part derives from the american indifference to the wars .
" we , as a nation , no longer appreciate military heroism , as it was quite usual in world war ii , " says david бэрноу , retired lieutenant general who commanded us forces in afghanistan .
troops are on the number of trips , which they committed , the number of associates , which they lost , or in the scale of losses .
this week on the historic court hearings should be decided , will claim 28 men and women against army on charges of rape непротиводействии .
average first - class elizabeth лайман 25 years and 11 week of pregnancy , her statement , was raped their сослуживцем night .
he asked whether he was allowed to visit her in the room a drink .
a few minutes after they went into the room lyman , a man approached her from behind , and raped , she says .
the lawsuit alleges that gates and donald rumsfeld , failed to cope with the widespread violence in the army in violation of constitutional rights of the soldiers .
burke says she choses the senior army , because the problem starts with them .
" who those people who can destroy the cult of violence " senior management . "
its strategy : instead of collecting all of the plaintiffs in this case is put all your eggs in one basket , so to speak , " she will open up many things , if necessary , to maintain the pressure .
court documents , which has received newsweek , the strategy is basically a protection that current or former soldiers cannot claims for damages incurred by the army in the armed forces .
" the damage is risk - averse , присущему military service of the plaintiffs , " said the documents .
women 's team in iraq and afghanistan - soldiers play increasingly important , especially in contacts with local women in a combat zone .
in the yale law school seminar veterans legal services is the case against four of the largest military academies on the promotion of женоненавистнической atmosphere .
her group filed a lawsuit against the office of veterans affairs in december , accusing him of discriminatory practice review requests for transfers from people who argue that the threat of sexual violence during the service .
in 2010 , according to preventing and combating sexual violence of the ministry of momentum , it was reported about 3.158 trying to rape .
in this report , published in march , also is the percentage of prosecutions : in 2010 , 20 percent of the known cases reached court , in less than half of that in the civil justice system .
in the case of rape лайман , she said the military police less than an hour after it happens .
she gathered the evidence of rape , and blood assailant -- from the cut on his arm - was found in her bed .
six people gave positive characteristics of the accused , who was eventually acquitted .
" i thought i was now a -- i ran out of the courtroom screaming . "
lyman was ordered to refer to the military psychiatrist , who ultimately диагностировал her change personality that made it to service .
продвинется will forward the case , the lyman and her comrades on the claim , is a complicated question , " says john turley , professor of law in the name of george washington university school of law .
between them and the verdict is the doctrine that criticize since she appeared .
army has lagged in the decades , because it does n't have those incentives and impeding the funds , which places responsibility .
these things will change only when the good people want to fight .
" we will continue to fight the army on the issue , until the reforms , " she says .
on monday , breivik , suspected of committing mass murder in norway in july , which has the lives of 77 people , was its first open the hearing .
after the summer of the tragedy the researchers wanted to know more about these people .
supply of personal data on facebook is so great , " says bartlett , the researchers could easily use the site 's advertising tool , to highlight the demographic group with the accuracy of the science - that marketers and make a few years .
with facebook bartlett and his colleagues were able to interview more than 10,000 members of the 14 extreme - right parties in 11 european countries are not even out of office .
some of the results are striking : not online supporters of the right - wing groups - often young and male , dissatisfied with the immigration .
the demos - just one example of how facebook is becoming a new popular tool in the hands of scientists .
with more than 800 million active users , add an average of three entries in the day , " super - hot information research boom , " facebook is increasing the number of scientific articles with the name of the site in the title on the 800 percent over the past five years .
" previously , if you wanted to interview the people of the british national party , it would be very difficult to identify them .
" facebook does this all - you to contact him directly . "
recent dr. megan moreno from the university of wisconsin , madison , and her colleagues found that students who discussed their drunken exploits on facebook , were significantly more risk of alcoholism than students who were silent on the subject .
" you ca n't solve the problem , not her , " told the washington post димитри выявив христакис , co - author of moreno and the director of the center for child health , behavior and development in children 's research institute of seattle .
facebook also constantly извлекает of various kinds of reports about its users .
but facebook users know that the site is watching them , they like it or not - for the opportunity to play in скраббл , located in the thousands of miles away from you , the site can handle your personal data .
while researchers have a strictly defined rules offline - research , online data .
" as far as they imagined , it was just between them and their friends . "
even offline there is no guarantee that an object research предельно honest .
" what you say on facebook , and what you do outside of facebook , are two completely different things , " said selwin .
" nothing can replace the real world and interacting with real people , " he says .
" cold and inhuman " : anders беринг breivik publicly before the trial for the first time
" i have a military commander of the norwegian resistance movement , and the knights templar norway , " he said the 500,000 present in the courtroom .
for the same reason , he refused to allow брейвику , who brought with him the pre - written speech , to address the relatives of the victims at the end of the hearing .
around 30 survivors and relatives of victims of the attended the hearing .
" it was uncomfortable , but personally , i was a little easier , after i saw and heard the suspect . "
despite breivik 's a strange idea that he is part of the " resistance " movement , the judge ruled that he 's not a mad , and said that there is no evidence that he acted with accomplices .
but that does not lessen the grief and confusion , which now feels the whole nation .
after the death of steve jobs on october 5 , some comparing it with the henry ford , describing the technical genius as a great inventor of the day .
he , of course , was a designer , мечтателем and considered themselves hippies , but he was also meticulous organizer and modernizer of the production process , which believed that many leaders of the business suffered from the disease to think that really great idea is 90 percent of work ... [ but ] a great idea from the great product separates lots of ingenious labour . "
at the time it took about 10 years since , as the jobs out of the apple , and he has already worked in his new computer company next in anticipation of the mass of the internet .
just after the death of jobs was full of vhs copy of the director was found in the garage .
man known for his hatred of detailed interviews here , jobs seems to be unusually ready to present their technological philosophy and business strategy .
in four different points during the interview there are large intervals between questions and answers - where jobs clearly weighs on 10-15 seconds , their thoughts to say .
in filmed before the age of пиксара айподов айфонов lost interview , there is something uncannily prophetic , when jobs estimates that , as he sees different companies make right and wrong , and offers its own vision for information technology .
he has a vision of how things could and should be .
" during the period of time in the business i constantly asked : " why are you doing this ? " and the answers you invariably get : " oh , it is just that . "
by way of recording expenses , often начинавшейся expenditure with the " standard " , which took from the ceiling and then подгонялись with " clarification " , he has created automated structure , which guaranteed that they will be able to track business expenses until the details .
jobs in detail about the " blue box " , which he смастерил with steve wozniak , the device , which allowed people to effectively взламывать telephone company and call long distances for free .
he tells how he and wozniak tested the box , using the telephone - machine , when the conversation and then подсоединяясь from one of the at&t network to another , until it had as much as possible .
" we were young , and all that we learned is that we could build something that could monitor billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world . "
jobs continues to describe one famous escapade , in detail with which he and wozniak almost did , by the vatican through the blue box in the midnight phone and asking the pope , struggling to copy henry kissinger .
about the love of technology ( and cold прозванивании bill хьюлетта ) :
soon after their 20 - minute telephone conversation jobs received a year подработку in hewlett - пакард .
jobs later became one of the employees of hp , who visited the company 's research laboratory in palo alto , where he saw " the first desktop computer .
i often went to the hp as a teenager and revolved around the car and wrote for her program .
in several places in an interview with the jobs he says the invention of new products on the fly .
while only 30 days in the credit , he had to think and assembly and delivery of ready - made devices .
" i remember the fierce disputes ... they were on me that it will take five years [ to collect the mouse , which will cost $ 300 ] , and i was fed by the throat , and released , and found the designer " .
" let 's say you work in ibm or xerox , so you do the best copier and printer , or that ? "
sales and marketing make it more successful , so [ it 's those types of people ] in the end comes to companies and individuals , making the product of the decision - makers .
he could be in the 10 times more could be майкрософтом 90х ...
you need to keep ideas in the head of the 5,000 - these concepts , combining them all together ...
part of what made the famous mac , was that people who worked on him , were musicians , poets , artists , зоологами , historians , which happened to be the best specialists in information technology in the world .
scalia and thomas обедают with opponents of the health care law , as long as the court considering the case
the incident took place last thursday , when all nine justices met to discuss filed the petition .
judges agreed to consider the process ; in fact , behalterbau debate of the duration of 5 1/2 hours in march 2012 , and the outcome will likely become a hindrance in the presidential race , which will be in full swing at the time , when a court decision .
firm clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the nearly two dozen firms , which helped sponsor annual lunch society , long - existing groups , federalists constantly отстаивающей conservative legal principles .
another sponsor of the pharmaceutical giant pflizer inc , which has a huge financial interest in the outcome of litigation .
attended , among others , mitch mcconnell , the leader of the republican in the senate and a prominent opponent of health - care law .
nothing new : two judges attend the event society федералистов for many years .
in fact , the judges are free of the code of conduct , which regulates the actions of the lower federal judges .
however , the apparent closeness scalia and thomas to two law firms in this case , as well as the company with large financial interests , was enough signal to the activists of ethics in government .
" judges wined and dined on the official campaign fundraising with lawyers , which now covers the court . "
scalia and thomas is unlikely to pay attention to the critics who say they are very willing to mix business with the court фигурирующими in matters of groups like the federalist society .
moreover , conservatives argue that the judge elena kagan ethical question , rather than scalia and thomas .
her critics demanded , kagan refused the hearings on this case , because it was too involved in the protection of the law then , to be impartial now .
boeing also sells six boeing dreamliner oman air , the size of the deal is more than $ 1 billion .
but this is an important event , when the company - самолетостроитель прейскурантная and boeing co. , the price for all of these 50 aircraft is $ 18 billion .
in the forecast , published in the company calculates that the middle east on monday , chicago in the next 20 years will need the 2,520 airplanes valued at $ 450 billion .
later on monday , according to boeing , oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , the so - called dreamliner , which can considerably better fuel economy and the удобстами for passengers .
" it 's really good for boeing , " said morningstar analyst neil диора .
it is important , because they are less likely than other airlines , the reverse order planes when prices rise , диора said .
order emirates strengthens leadership широкофлюзеляжных market boeing aircraft and helps prevent attempts to rival airbus sas посягнуть on his dominance with its jumbo a350 .
he put debut to осевую load after buyers required to increase capacity and range .
sister of the president of mexico , obviously , lost in the election in michoacan
president felipe calderon 's sister , it seems , made its bid for the governor of michoacan state elections during the fierce , and she said on monday that the traffickers have helped sway the race in favor of one of her opponents .
" interference by organized crime during the entire election process and especially yesterday is alarming , not only for the michoacan , but for the whole country , " said luisa maria calderon радиоинтервью in the next day after sunday 's vote .
pri ruled mexico for seven decades , is not yet lost the presidency in 2000 .
calderon , the national action party candidate , or the mhp , headed by her brother , refused to recognize the вальехо winner .
ауреолес also refused to recognize preliminary results of the country .
in michoacan has long dominated drug cartels , which specialize in the cannabis , heroin and метамфетаминах .
for the pri , however , no matter how badly looked elections in michoacan , the victory will give momentum behind the party .
раджат naga , the managing director of the adb 's office in manila , said that the two most big emerging economies must " do all we can " to accelerate the recovery of the currency bloc with the international monetary fund or direct bilateral agreements .
" asia can be protected to some extent , but it cannot be invulnerable . "
the european monetary union was severely undermined by the european debt crisis in recent months .
unfolding in europe 's debt crisis has spawned fears that he could bring the world economy into recession again , and led to calls for the leading emerging economies come together to help the eurozone find a solution .
anand sharma , india 's trade minister , said that " india will do everything that can " to help the eurozone , as its own economy is now declining exports and inflows of foreign capital .
" we have ambitious goals , and we must maintain a high level of growth . "
others argue that there is no sense for emerging economies like india to help the wealthy europeans , when they faced their own deep economic problems .
" at some point they know that the greeks are retiring in 50 years and go on holidays to the sea , and it will not be seen well , " he said .
mr. нэг , said the eurozone crisis threatened " significant direct effects throughout asia . "
he said that vulnerable emerging markets need to make " contingency plans " to protect themselves from the downturn and the most significant оттоков capital of their economies .
defense secretary leon panetta tempers in congress on monday , warning that the automatic budget cuts will undermine national security and the financial chain reaction of the pentagon corridors to the fields of battle in afghanistan on the line and civil assembly .
" the consequences of these cuts will be damaging for the state department , " panetta said in a letter to senators республиканке республиканцу john mccain , arizona and lindsey graham of south carolina .
" so , make such a strong reduction , the majority of our construction projects on кораблестроению and unfulfilled -- you ca n't buy a three - quarters of the ship or the building -- and do serious damage other modernization efforts , " panetta wrote senators .
" these changes will undermine the credibility of those who support our army and will seriously damage combat readiness . "
" while foreign military financing in the emergency operations does not directly affected секвестром , the military to be severely affected by serious breakdown in the main budgets , " panetta warned .
" staff will be reduced , leading to the staff опозданиям with military suppliers , and the legal and political support will be broken . "
" the consequences of sequestration in the department of defense will be a rapid decline in the united states as the world 's leading military power . "
" this is not an option , with which we live in , and this is not an option that we need to impose ourselves . "
whether panetta a letter or the recent warnings of senators will lead to strengthen calls for the release of the pentagon from cuts or budget compromise that will see later .
at a press conference last week secretary of defense painted a gloomy picture of what could be next -- troops from the shell , but without the core .
" this is a paper tiger , the army to barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained soldiers able to accomplish the mission , " panetta said in his introductory remarks in the pentagon .
and panetta said that some of the largest defence projects may face obstacles , including those which passed the tests and some in the early stages of planning .
stopping further development and testing the f 35 can save $ 80 billion over 10 years , but his supporters say this is the vital next step to improve and address potential threats from china and other adversaries .
a cursory glance at recent headlines , shows just how serious and повсеместны deception and lies in everyday life .
the administration at the university of pennsylvania was charged in лжесвидетельствовании schlensker , because they allegedly made that retired football coach raped boys .
former presidential candidate john edwards was charged in the financial укрывательством during the campaign , the extramarital affairs .
stories about the fraud on the tests in school and college is the norm .
mentors who should teach the opposite , send a message that the lies and fraud are acceptable .
in one day , studies show that you can lie from 10 to 200 times .
another study showed that strangers солгали three times in the first 10 minutes of each other .
unlike in the room of the game , like , say , charades , where you exclaim , " caught ! " detection of lies is a serious direction knowledge , based on scientific data , collected in the past six decades of prestigious universities in comprehensive research projects , particularly in psychology and physiology .
not from this hard to notice and it is difficult to draw the conclusion that the liars .
i spent several years , examining the scientific discoveries of the vast and ever - growing segment of knowledge about lie detection , and it is clear that the modern skill , which is easy to learn and that helps in our complex in the world -- especially if your professional duties include recruiting , interviewing , negotiating or management .
we know from research that extroverts lied more frequently than introverts , that men lie about yourself , whereas women -- more about the other , usually in order to protect someone 's feelings , that married people lied to its partners , less than unmarried ( but the lie that they say , often наглая ) .
watch позой , laughter , voice your subject characteristics .
rats can fix the upper part of his body when trying to remember their history , they can put their feet towards the door , bend towards the exit , or change its position in a certain way to demonstrate " relief after the interview " -- this exaggerated sigh of relief and a change in posture , when all the complicated issues behind us .
привирающие people can also use the disengagement in the speech : " i 've never had sexual relations with that woman miss lewinsky ... " or repeat the question entirely .
someone can use the " qualification " language , when answering a question : " well ... the truth ... as far as i know ... as far as i know . "
there is no magic money , to expose the lie , but to master the skill of deception detection can be .
controversial a plan to build the pipeline in need of revision after the threat of us put aside his endorsement
transcanada reported on monday night that she ever planned pipeline from environmentally sensitive sand hills region in nebraska and am confident that the project still get approval .
transcanada spokesman alex пурбас says the company retains the confidence that she eventually gets the approval of the pipeline , though with a different route .
" this is a real step forward , " congressman lee terry told fox news , republican of nebraska .
obama in a written statement last week called the decision to call the department of state , and expressed his support .
he should be to 700,000 barrels per day of the province of alberta to refineries in texas .
his hate but love unions , environmentalists , who hope to about 20,000 jobs related to the pipeline .
the current state department about the impact on the environment study showed that the project will have only a limited negative impact on the environment , but the source of the energy industry said that the auditor of the department ordered a separate examination procedures review focusing on two issues .
the other was whether the firm that was the choice for initial research , inappropriate , as she was linked to transcanada .
family of new york , argues that the disco - diva patti labelle буйствовать began in the lobby of their home in manhattan , trapped them малолетнюю daughter to such an extent that the vomited from fear .
it happened november 10 last year , when the scenes kevin monk , his wife , kindergarten teacher , rosanna , and женевьева were going to stay in a family trip .
rosanna монк спустила said that she stopped near the front door and his daughter on the floor for a minute .
" i told her : " i 'm not interested in , what do you say or think . "
she had a bottle of water , and she began pouring a bottle of water on me .
" i said this woman : " look at what you 're done with my daughter , " said the mother of the child . "
a lawyer and representatives of labelle , did not respond to calls for comment .
" the goal is to make patti labelle , responsible for his act , " davies said .
2011 the year , which will go down in economic history of sinaloa as connected with mario lopez вальдеса 's first year , also called year of change , which has high hopes on the development of the economy , but , given the adverse climatic conditions in the beginning of the year , growth has not been , but the decline was registered major indicators of economic development .
according to the areas affected by the frost report , by the council on sustainable rural development , mexico suffered 835.582 hectares , of which 78.03 percent suffered in its entirety , and the remaining 21.07 per cent suffered in part . the vegetables were the main damaged crops , corn and chickpeas .
" what we see now is the rise in unemployment , which is linked to several factors , including the loss of liquidity in the market to resource constraints imposed by law , which was adopted in congress , to fight money laundering , as the people who illegally possess dollars , is not easy to work with them , invest and use them in something , " he said .
lopez сервантес said that the rise in unemployment there and demographic factor .
in addition to unemployment and violations of , another reminder of the state presented low заработными boards ; in the state of the lowest wages in the country , according to the records of the mexican institute of social security and ministry of labour and social welfare .
for its part , министрество economic development of the government of the entire 17.280.000 pesos investments during the year , which mainly came on the company 's services .
amid the economic downturn in july , the state asked government during the congress of the approval of the loan in the $ 3 billion pesos , which would use for investment in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities to revive the economy , the local level , was approved by the 2.600 million pesos , and not expected until november of the debt in any state sector .
representatives of the business for the first year of the government of mario lopez вальдеса is demonstrating a lack of opportunity in the government .
" of the economy this year in the sinaloa was really low , have a lot of work to regain ground lost in this year , we must redouble our efforts in 2012 , we failed to agree on the efforts of all , and , above all , good and a synchronized work the new government , we hope that next year will be much better , " he said .
lopez лоредо said that events such as early frosts , stop the economy of this year were limited and its efficiency and growth .
" in general , we found that it worked , we believe that the need to develop long - term program that redefine the direction and the economic state , we need to mobilize all material and human resources , which are from sinaloa , " he said .
president coparmex emphasized the importance of determining the future direction , in order to better to the efforts of the government .
he noted that the current administration has demonstrated progress in their own way of the public policy .
the prosecutor general 's office reported that приговоренный alexis valenzuela сандоваль drug smuggler - omar , convicted for crimes against health , in this case the possession of marijuana in order to spread .
drug smuggler was driving a white car pickup , in which he was carrying a black bag in the cabinet in the car , and the passenger seat is a small backpack , where the soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana .
director of social development have pointed out that although still work programmes , they are in danger , as the state government is unable to make appropriate contributions , which are worth , the 11 million pesos for all three programs .
" they should invest almost 12 million , although the year ends , when they gave us a penny , since the beginning of july they had to give us a part of , " he said , " not to delay , we started work and they 're very advanced , but we need the money . "
" it happened with us in the previous administration , because the state had no financial opportunities for participation , and programs have continued to evolve , and this year , to gain access to these programs , we need to find the resources to cover what remains must state , " he explained .
" they should make the nearly 12 million , and even though year end , they do n't have given us a penny . "
replacement of analogue to digital signals , is one of the most important changes that the world in recent years .
a minority of four ministers , including the chairman of the court , juan сильву mesa , arizona , thought that president felipe calderon not exceeded its authority in issuing the decree with the detailed description of the action for transition to digital наземному television .
olga sanchez кордеро draft statement prepared by the minister , offered to declare the decree unconstitutional because regulating radio and television programmes - right , enshrined in law for the federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the hierarchical subordination and legal reserves .
on this argument and the senate , and spent two constitutional debate , chamber of deputies to refute the decree and to support the complaints , sanchez кордеро minister suspended the application of the decree and all actions , the it about the transition to digital broadcasting .
in his speech the prime minister , said he disagrees with the arguments of the project in the sense that the federal executive branch cannot determine the general rules , which measures should prepare for the state administration of .
replacing analog signals on the digital - one of the most important changes that occurred in recent years , led to better use of radio - electric range of channels , the best signal quality and more .
these questions , he said , " call of the system , educated on the principle of the state of economic management , includes a group of government , which brings together in the state constitution executive power . "
from this we cannot conclude that the government , debated decree , which in any case , affect the competence of congress , provides the administrative sphere of compliance with laws adopted by the legislative assembly , he said .
according to data in ппрв , the difference between first and second place in the gubernatorial election is just 27 per cent , even without counting the votes of 879 total 6.074 protocols .
in light of this election chairman of the general council of the institute of michoacan ( ивм ) , maria de los анхелес льяндерал zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , on november 9 , the electoral body approved a package of principles , to coordinate local rules with the federal election reform .
in the same day , november 9 , the supreme court justice ( the ) decision on constitutional claims , by the local legislative assembly , and described as " invalid and illegal " voice of the representative of the state constitutional reform , as he has no right to " resolve or maintain them . "
so , a partial recount of one or more of the ballot box can be produced under conditions that : the results of the protocols do not coincide ; there is no protocol voting and counting the documents in the ballot box or he is not the chairman of ; or when there are obvious errors or corrections in the protocol .
total recount also will be , if at the end of the usual count found that the difference between winner and a candidate , occupied the second , less than or equal to one percentage , provided that there is a request from the political party , whose candidate took second place in the case will be excluded from the ballot box , which were in the partial terms .
the remains of pilot felipe басио кортеса arrived in сальтильо , his native city on sunday evening ; in the examination and a memorial mass was held monday .
after accepting condolences together with other people who died in the disaster , the family of басио кортеса returned to the capital коауилы aboard the aircraft of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony in campo march .
5:30 in the afternoon he had passed the examination of the technological institute сантильо , organized by his former classmates in high school football team , and a member of which was felipe басио during training in the middle school .
in her opinion , lieutenant colonel performed all of their dreams , she believes that he was at the height of his life , " he was a successful man , incredible father , the son of committed and loving brother , his family . "
some did not believe him , they said that he has my head even in the truck , but he always wanted to fulfill his dream to become a pilot .
he recalls that even when he was seven years , he visited сапопан on for the ceremony of his relative , so he knows that his uncle died doing what most loved in my life : controlling the plane .
shots of the guns прогремели in honor of the mexican air force lieutenant colonel , felipe кортеса басио , led by governor jorge торресом лопесом , people from villages and the state government , the mexican army , from sixth military zone , the mexican air force , managers and technology high school students in сальтильо , in which he studied in 1985 and made progress and in school , in sport , and held him in the latter path .
remains in 18:05 басио cortez ( кремированные ) , a resident сальтильо , profits , to be with the funeral of the members of the mexican air force , headed by james martinez , the major эспланаду training school , where it already waited for his family , including his daughter аманду and his wife christina , her mother , brothers and other relatives , students and teachers .
a few hours before the discovery of the military authorities in the media showed eleven people were detained in the same town hall for the crimes associated with organized crime .
discovery was found on the 1.5 kilometre road кадерейта toward santiago , on the hill in the commune , known as el castillo .
look inward , literally in the three metres , they found three bodies of people , they immediately know the relevant authorities .
almost one meter was another person 's body , in the red shirt and blue jeans .
according to testimonies gathered there , three men were killed in another place , because of the place was not гильз .
according to information , initially on november 11 in the colony of los альверо eight people were arrested , but one man who was held hostage , was saved .
another event happened at 06:00 a.m. on november 12 , military personnel committed patrol bypass in the village of old ranch in кадерейте , when i saw the car without license plates with the two men in the air .
later , after these statements , november 13 at 2 p.m. one of their accomplices on public land was stopped by la - truth , which saw the military , tried to escape .
appointed italian prime minister , mario monti , italy will meet wednesday with the president to submit a new government , which will face italy on the brink of crisis , the economic catastrophe and нанесшим damage throughout the eurozone .
that he is expected to release the cabinet , made up mostly of technocrats , though it 's not clear when the new executive authority to take their positions .
" i want to reassert its full confidence in the ability of our country out of this difficult period , " former european commissioner for human rights reporters said .
the administration led by former european commissioner monti should approve the austerity package , demanded that european leaders to restore the credibility of italy .
emma марчегалия , the leader of the italian employers ' federation , told reporters after meeting with monti : " we were told that we will actively support this government . "
monti 's chances of success were largely based on the support of silvio berlusconi 's party of the ldp , which forced to resign on saturday because of the crisis .
support for the ldp , the largest party in italy , matters , because until now , many of its members opposed the government majority , which consists of monti 's technocrats , which forms .
monti 's new government must have a strong parliamentary support for reforms that will probably unpopular austerity reforms .
an italian association of foreign banks intensified the pressure , warning that the failure of the monti can be a disaster .
after a short respite at the end of last week , when it became clear that berlusconi would resign , the cost of debt in italy reached critical levels now against the backdrop of uncertainty about whether a new prime minister will be successful .
monti said that his government will exist until the next election , scheduled for 2013 , despite widespread predictions that politicians just give him time to carry out reforms before new elections .
political sources say , the mutual distrust and opposition parties make the attempt to include political figures .
of the 22 players , announced in spain , ten has already played in the 50 international matches .
the contrast with the costa rica , when compared to 22 players from both countries in the mighty match today in a 3:05 of the day on the national stadium in san jose .
that figure was reached in the last friday in the game against panama ( 0-2 ) , the stadium of rommel fernandez .
add it to the experience of spanish furies in the complex qualification in the euro or world championship .
we see that tops the list in the spanish national team goalkeeper iker casillas касильяс , which in the last sunday 's match against england ( проигранный 0-1 ) repeated record in london , the former goalkeeper andoni субисарреты , 126 international matches .
with michael уманой from costa rica , left хуниор diaz with 48 matches and striker bryan ruiz -- 45 .
in the team with less than 30 exits on the field is roy miller from 26 matches , winston parks with 25 and 26 , gabrielle бадилья with roy мюри with 23 .
whereas начо мореаля only four games , but хорди alba - two in costa rica have only one , victor bolivar олман vargas and nelson эддер дебютировали yet .
costa rican bryan ruiz became for those who brought more points , more than doubled carlos hernandez and three more times than roy мюри and parks .
the trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream '
more than 20 years of waiting , but the group says that for them it is also the dream became reality , is to play in this country .
group is on the territory of south america as part of the tour in honor of the 20th of work and on sunday , 20 , makes its only stop in central america .
this passage of the conversation , the full transcript of which is available online in the nation .
a trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся мечта and for us , too .
i was in costa rica , only once -- in this beautiful country , and i think that we have to stay there for a few days .
i ask about it , because there is a loyalty to the group ; fans live in tension in the days before the concert .
thank you for that were with us all these years .
some people , in anticipation of your concert belong to him as a show of himself .
some of the biggest show , that we played in the past 21 years , held in the past two weeks .
indeed , we are very much want to play here .
how do you know about the costa rica , and the waves for surfing ?
my friends always go to surfing in costa rica and nicaragua , as well as in mexico , it is a perfect place for surfing , here 's how we learned about it , from people who love surfing .
we will try to make the best show possible with different songs ; we 'll play several songs from each of the album and to provide our fans a wide range of repertoire .
when we have two or three songs that we have n't played for some time , it keeps us alert and surprise us because it reminds us of the reasons why we love these songs , and that we could forget .
we rejoice in our удачам and we are very encouraged by the fact that we can continue to make music together .
we are happy to travel to places in the world , where we 've always wanted to .
what does it mean for you to be a significant part of the heyday of grunge ?
we are good friends with the guys from soundgarden , alice in chains and mudhoney .
one group of one city appears from time to time , but it is far more oddly , when five or ten groups appear in the same time in the same city .
i still play with some of them from time to time .
also very strange that a group of like your remains together and in the same part of such a long time .
first , i think we are lucky that we are still alive , and secondly , we care about others .
we trust each other 's music , and could not be better .
we care about , not to be too long in the round , because it is easy to get the game in big crowds and people who love your music .
how do you remember your next project , manother love bone ? "
we were a group of nearly three years and not released a single album , until the death of andy ( andrew woods ) .
it was a wonderful person , and we skuchaem on it .
it is true that you are familiar with its work , especially eddie веддера , and that 's why you chose to open ?
why do you constantly change the words in the yellow ledbetter at concerts ?
he sings it , and i think , he uses the first thing that comes to him in the head .
so many of them , that i can talk all day about басистах , which i love .
i think we all feel some гранж alienated from the rest of the word .
at first , your music was more grim , and now it has become more positive .
it 's interesting , because i think , there are a few songs on this album that may seem easier , but there are songs like the end or just breathe , which are considered to be very grim , though they may sound a bit more .
i think that when you grow , and in your life was sort of injury and you have lost family member or friend , these events are beginning to affect your creativity and your music , and the two , of course , reflect this for me .
ex - president alberto fujimori was hospitalized tuesday in the state hospital , for the survey for the loss of muscle power , which is in the legs , said his family doctor .
alejandro агинага congressman , who is one of his personal physician , told tv channel n that fujimori will be evaluated by three days in the national institute of неопластических illnesses to determine the cause of pain and loss of power in his lower limbs .
he underwent four operations on cancer , has lost weight in kilograms , which added 18 other diseases , such as a strong эрозивный gastritis , cysts , pancreas , kidney stones , high blood pressure and problems with кровообращением in legs , the doctor .
in april 2009 he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing 25 people by the destruction of the army , which was secretly in the first years of his rule .
the official delegation , headed by the uruguay president jose мухикой and composed of several ministers and businessmen will arrive in this tuesday on a visit to mexico to expand trade between the two countries and to begin talks on political issues in the region .
meeting of the two presidents in the city of guadalajara will be " good for the exchange of information on the political relations between the two nations , as published " the south american country on its website .
in his speech , sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community of those countries that are tax harbours , a statement that provoked protest and uruguay for consultation its ambassador in the european nation .
the uruguay government tried to accelerate the agreements in recent years about taxes , to leave this " grey list " of the organisation for economic cooperation and development , the cooperation of the countries that are not international tax standards .
усатый водопроводчик would be three - dimensional with " the super mario 3d land "
edition , which will be in stores around the world in this month , was created with the characteristics of the nintendo 3ds portable console , which allows you to play in three dimensions without needing glasses .
alvarez said that the " super mario 3d land " is the first nintendo video game , specially designed under this platform , " because up until now successful products like " star fox 64 3d " or " zelda : ocarina of time 3d " were адаптациями existing games .
alvarez said that the " super mario 3d land " contains two games in one : the first part of the " simple " to attract less - experienced users .
in addition , the real - time users can choose between " d " aggressive " or that only affects the depth of actions , but the need to play in three dimensions , to overcome a variety of obstacles and " not succumb to the optical illusion . "
in this game nintendo winks fans of the series and the successful formula from the previous games , водопроводчику with moustache to pass on the dangerous заминированным platforms to free the princess peach .
so ends the process by which the guatemala responded to a request from the north country , which demanded выдачи portillo , to judge it .
he claimed that during his mandate he did not " прикладывал hands " to legal decisions and took all the procedures for the extradition , which he ever knew .
that made colom , the executive process after the exhausted all legal and constitutional courts to prosecute ex - head of state from 2000 to 2004 .
portillo was acquitted in fiscal q 120 million in the ministry of defense during the presidential term , that was pre - extradition process , but the ministry of public relations подало appeal and opened the case again .
the organization was founded , to prevent the marginalization of young people without education
to add more hundreds of jobs created for this social groups .
trinijove appeared alongside тринитат велья in 1986 , in order to help young people with the lack of education , lack of work and problems with drugs or to marginalization .
различное political representation during the election showed a single characters work made trinijove .
also appeared in fabra i coats the current social welfare and family , consultant хосеп lewis клерис social work and ceo of la caixa , хауме ланаспа .
chairman of the the trinijove as an example of the fight against the bad circumstances and вселения hope the people facing difficulties .
twelve people yesterday at noon voluntarily left the building , which they illegally occupied and where they organized the massive party , which irritated neighbors , the court without police intervention .
" from this point there will be пропускной control " , " manager said .
the first three floors were perfect for parties that lasted up to two days and frustrated by the new owners .
owner , maria , пантинат europa press said that since the building was occupied , its profit fell 80 % .
in addition , the owner of the news was supposed to respond to noise complaints from neighbors , though , as she noticed , the noise was caused by visitors of the club , and not residents of squats and , above all , those who attended parties , who were there , frequency and intensity of which has increased , as the angry neighbors said .
police also confirmed that in the past week in the city received more complaints from neighbors on the situation .
a popular leader explained that before the summer , only one floor was busy , but in the last few months of squatters invaded on all floors and in virtually every room and that in some of them suffered взломы .
so , yesterday , members of the police evacuated the building in the know barris .
the architects agree with the possibility of the contest after wrangling of the contributions
in mid - 1980s , on the rise угасшей ныне capital corporation barcelona ( skb ) , this administration for the promotional flyers кольсеролы .
moreover , it is accompanied by comparing the new york in the pictures with the central park .
it was , until , in september , the council announced the competition , consisting of the gates in 16 contests for the many other кольсеролу .
so , or if someone wants to put the gates on the field .
competition , and the organizational side , and their impact on the city , barcelona are the topic for discussion of all architects .
and this fact leads to one of the few coincidences between what they say three barcelona architect and scientists who attended .
for рольдана , after reaching the shoreline is " necessary " to discuss " the front side of the mountain " , when supply ильдефона серды mountain , with green apple , has not been made .
модоло рольдан and байона with experience in the municipal building , called the proposal " intellectual challenge " with some of the dangers " .
the first fear is the limitation of the border , where you can build .
" we should think about the new urban planning , because current tools [ that the general of the capital plan ( gsp ) can lead to real trouble . "
модоло recalls that already have a work made outside the кальсеролы , which " should not miss ailianduo " , though he 's grateful for the possibility that his profession , city hall offers to join the project " from the beginning . "
байона hints that answer the question of which the name of this part of the complex , as the rules of the competition lacks a common type of кольсеролы : " it was announced 16 intersecting contests , " he says , " within the meaning of the sea - mountains , but there are no longitudinal reading to see and understand the region as a whole . "
on the other hand , the project for some gate may overlap on the program and the definition of the project architect for neighboring gate .
after 72 days in jail , manuel jonas ларрасабаль is free after a legal representative of the red casino gave him forgiveness before the second criminal district court , which is the process of extortion against the brother of the mayor of monterrey .
after the public denunciation of the state attorney general opened a criminal case against the brother of the mayor and on september 2 he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
at this point , he was 49 days following the second order banning the transfer after prosecutor ruled out the crime of bribery and organised crime .
authorities allowed him to continue отбывание at the municipal prison in san nicolas in гарзе .
on monday , the legitimate representative of the red casino , victor aldo garcia gomez , before judge jose luis песиной mayor to ask for pardon for brother in the region , so in the next few hours he would be able to gain freedom .
based on the record 197/2011 legal pardons granted йонасу ларрасабалю , and after that you ca n't make any representations regarding the process , which was planned against him ; and require no compensation for damage and punishment .
court official , jorge янес , went to prison in the municipality of san nicolas гарзе , to inform йонаха that he legally pardoned and his case will be closed .
minister dionisio perez хакоме tells about the details of the disaster that killed interior minister , francisco blake , and another seven people .
during a press conference хакоме , communications and transport minister dionisio perez , said before the aircraft had risen up , the pilot found out that weather conditions were suitable for flight .
he also said that the vessel was designed to the 19 people , respectively , with the necessary requirements of the transportation of people .
" in the study reported that in another place no components of the ship , strike occurred in the state of the structural integrity .
the earth in this place has a bias from seven to 30 degrees .
meanwhile , гильберто lopez meyer , director general of the airports and auxiliary services , said that during the presidential helicopter governed by the cruising speed and that this happened on the soft поднимающейся soil .
at the press conference , the owner of the sct , peres хакоме , listed six important elements in the investigation :
according to the aviation , the flight was conducted under visual flight rules , which means that the crew should be visible during the flight and landing .
reports aicm выявляли suitable conditions for takeoff when the aircraft bent to the border area between mexico and the state of mexico city , where there were layers of clouds at low altitudes .
perhaps because of the conditions cloudeness team searched the area at the height and visibility in the valley куэрнавака .
coordinates of the strike and the latest recording with radar aircraft are probably before the flight was not the loss of control or change of direction .
information so far indicates that hit the front and side .
the pictures shows the sequence in which it разрушалось along the way .
after thorough research on more territory than lavishly zone near the place where the accident occurred , could not be found scattered parts of the aircraft that reinforces the suggestion that the attack occurred in the context of structural integrity .
social protection is to find the gene study of obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by experts from restarts
in a statement , head of medical research in the biochemistry of the national medical center hospital in the 21st century miguel cruz lopez explained , was multidisciplinary team of therapists , nurses , dieticians and social workers .
in the study population ( anything or not ) invited to participate , sports centres mssi , participating in the study , in the valley of mexico city , where every saturday from 8:00 a.m. , will be tests with the participation of children .
after the goal to attract from 500 to 600 children will be achieved , the study will continue in the sports center of the independence of the mexico city ( south ) and , finally , in the sports center morelos ( north of mexico ) .
november 14 , will be celebrated world diabetes day , and the main goal is to collect three thousands of children and adolescents aged 6 to 14 years with the permission of parents and under their supervision to fill individual applications on nutrition .
he explained that on saturday will be held антропометрические measurement of all participants ( height , weight and waist girth ) , measuring blood pressure , glucose and fats , cholesterol and insulin and genetic analysis to identify genes that are associated with childhood obesity ) .
in medical research , conducted in the period from 1999 to 2006 , says that there was just 6 years growth : in the case of boys 77 percent were obese , in the case of girls 47 % ; the weight , there is also experienced significant growth , " said specialist mssi .
he reported that the average mexican is 65 percent of american indians , the 30 % of europeans and the five percent of africans and this condition affected genes that are associated with diabetes and overweight .
researcher explained that the immediate benefit for participants is a comprehensive assessment of the children that may reveal , whether they have some degree of excess weight or obesity .
with the information come from all over the confidentiality , doctors are her parents in writing , which they explain all of the dimensions and changes in lifestyle , which must be taken to avoid the disease .
it is also due to the high calorie intake , and increasing consumption of sugary drinks and carbohydrate ( тамале , bread , pizza , hamburgers , etc. ) with large amounts of fats and proteins and genetic predisposition , проанализированная in the programme .
рафаель эррера , a researcher at the department of chemical , unam , has developed a polymer - bitumen modified to produce a mixture of the best quality , sustainable to the impact of environmental and temperature .
in his lecture in technological view of the pits , as part of the international year of chemistry , reported that laboratory , for which he is responsible for developing polymer - modified bitumen mixed with characteristics close to the bitumen production , but with the best opposition , both high and at low temperatures .
he explained that the bitumen , the most difficult part of the oil is a sequence of hydrocarbon molecules , some high - molecular weight , called асфальтенами and other low - molecular weight called мальтенами , which together give the road to cover his характерное вязкоупругое behaviour .
this means that the resistance street asphalt is not constant , but changes in the day , depending on the natural conditions and temperature , said specialist in chemical engineering .
among the most is the upper layers of bitumen , made up of small stones , опущенных in bitumen and then спрессованных .
when vehicles and прикладывании efforts , it helps forces of very well be on the road to cover .
the асфальтовом cover , he added , is the last layer , called a layer of wear , which is made of small stone , in fact , the sand also immersed in the asphalt .
as part of the pavement , which will receive and distribute these efforts , the wear and requires the proper thickness , and must take account of the material , from which he is .
when the earth crude , water penetrates the surface and it 's impossible to leave , it raises размягчение all sections of the cover and , therefore , education , yam .
also a member of the national system researchers explained that the transportation burden is another important factor in the formation of holes , and therefore the thickness of each layer should always be connected to cover transport load and need to ensure this requirement , to prevent the frequent appearance of the pits .
which lacked the кандидатке from valle , in order to become the new miss columbia ? "
this time мелина ramirez serna was supposed to be contented with what was on the catwalk winners in the silver crown and ribbon proclaiming its new princess in colombia .
the first factor played a pivotal role in the jury to award her the title of the first princess , was that she was unable to convincingly answer the question " what the book describes the you and why ? , the martin мурилье гомесом of literary society let 's honor .
" i read a lot of books , i believe in literature , i think it is a form of окультуривания highlighted , and definitely believe that the book , my childhood -- " the little prince " is a fairly deep book .
the answer that did n't like the jury because of the term " , " and , secondly , because of what not explained exactly how each of the quoted books it describes .
and all of you , please read a little , " the little prince " - a great book . "
a reporter from bogota , suggested that , as its preferred , the ovation , and she was кандидаткой , which has all the preliminary awards ( culinary competition остеры , immersive voting for the best national costume , and queen - mother ) , " the jealousy of the other candidates , have triggered stress queen , and as a result she was not блистала on stage . "
although both she looked confident , it was obvious that it lacks power and energy that showed the магдалены and атлантико .
in addition , spokeswoman for the valle in the last time avoided contact with the press and it was wrong .
that 's why the two days before the choice of a member of the international jury lucy doty said that they are looking for a woman приверженную social needs of their country .
there is also a suggestion that valle грешила spokeswoman defects on the buttocks and фиброзом , which was visible on her stomach , but it is controversial , as the jury of her , as кандидатку with natural beauty , " given the more than a healthy body , good nutrition and physical work .
the magazine , journalist _guido ойос кромос believes that the mistake the valle de cauca - was that she has undergone surgery .
her body was never her advantage , and here she was punished for it .
so it or not , the fact that we have today мелины begins year of the board , not as queen , but as the princess , position , which allows her to represent colombia on one of the international competitions , the organizers of the national contest .
such was the work of the man who identified the body of the alfonso cano .
from seven криминалистов , working in the cti , turn this week " watch " элизара gonzalez , a person of puerto техада , who spent 21 years in the field of judicial investigation .
in 2000 he moved to the valle and after the end of the relevant courses he became a specialist in the area , where he studied skin friction , palms and стуней .
he knew that he will need to identify two of the corpse , and one of them , was supposed to have belonged to the man , who led the world 's oldest guerrilla warfare , so they asked him to take ten shots prints guillermo leon саенса ( his real name ) .
he was without a beard , dressed as a local farmer , without glasses and a much skinnier .
using a flashlight and magnifying glass , ink , shoulder , элизар сопоставил fingerprints corpse with those who were in the images .
in the same night representative of the puerto техада asked to confirm the defense minister juan carlos пинсону , that it was the head of the farc
for specialist in дактилоскопии units of sijin kali the recognition received from president juan manuel santos элизаром гонсалесом at a press conference about the operations against cano , is especially significant .
dactylography is the rigorous science , without mistakes , it can play a key role in the crime .
researcher said that in the event of the theft he had to take a piece of the house , because in this place a thief on his hands to achieve the safe of jewellery and money .
prints also help exclude or to the suspects in cases involving murder .
in the investigation found that in the crime could be заподозрен kinsman and , in fact , the fingerprints on the bottle .
specialist дактилоскопии of cti explained that the places where there are fingerprints , chemical or physical реагент .
after pictures of fingerprints off asif , who is a database of criminals , or shall be in the register .
he explained that not all , as shown in the television program about the csi .
members of the movement of the " occupy wall street tuesday challenge authorities in new york , when they attempted to penetrate , again under the protection of the court order , in the area of manhattan , where they were evacuated at dawn in an effort to seize another park of the big apple .
" our idea is that , once the court allows us to break camp on the square , we разобьем camp somewhere else and continue through the peaceful and legal struggle to return to zuccotti сидячие strikes and demonstrations , " said one of the representatives of the movement of the " occupy wall street " mark брей .
in addition , the " angry people " to the confluence of the new park , located on the streets of central canal street and sixth avenue , near the entrance in холланда tunnel that connects new york and new jersey , and owned by trinity parish church .
organization says that several hundred people stood with the tents in a place where the delegation went to demonstrate the support of the members of the movement , religious leaders to act as an intermediary in negotiations with the police .
some of the protesters , headed there , carried and spread at the same time , copies of the court rulings gave these copies of the police , and even охранявшим area , which led to some small clashes " , " said брей , who said some of the police beat demonstrators .
mayor bloomberg told reporters that the city because of this court has suspended the opening of the public space and demonstrators have been informed about , but the local laws do not allow them to deploy again палаточные shops and sleeping bags .
bloomberg said that he was ordered to clear the area , because it was " a place where people came to protest , and not violate the law , and , in some cases , damage to other people " , as " some companies have received threats " and neighbors feared " the deteriorating quality of life . "
responsible for the " occupy wall street " also indicated that they intend to organize a " grandiose " shares on thursday in conjunction with public organizations and unions to recall the last two months of the protests that began september 17 .
together with michael бубле and other outstanding канадцами russell peters , " it appears in the television program " christmas on december 1 .
private television channel ctv , today announced that anderson with крунером ballads ( artist ) michael бубле and other prominent canadian russell peters will appear in television program " christmas on december 1 , " in the role of the special mary .
in this scene peters , a canadian comedian of indian origin , who recently stepped in as the lead in the charlie 's " my violent torpedo of truth " tour bus , which appears in the role of joseph .
бубле recently called " challenger американку ким кардашьян during one of his concerts in new york
gdp grew by 1.5 % thanks to strong domestic consumption and put an end to the round of the fall , which began in march
the tokyo government first estimated , material losses were $ 300,000 - a strike , which , despite the difficult global situation , it seems that passes .
registered in the second quarter of 2010 , the japanese fiscal year begins in march 2012 - also represents the fastest growth rates from january to march 2010 .
in fact , the company increased its investments in 1.1 % against the 0.9 % decline on capital expenditures , which occurred from january to march , the first decline after six months of continuous growth .
japan пробудилась , mainly owing to the development of household consumption , which is now 60 percent of japanese gdp .
in a stronger currency products is expensive abroad , which is a serious blow to the country 's health , whose economic policies of large technology companies .
while the markets to continue their siege of the peripheral eu countries , government есихико noda does not reduce the vigilantes .
the indicator , which predicts fractures in the global economy , showed that the fundamental forces of slowing down .
the eurozone even fell below average , which is located at the level of 100 points , after he struck eight tenths to 99.13 points .
пападимос said that the adjustments will be approved by the conservatives , but failed to sign a written commitment
the feeling that the " consent " of greece 's new transitional government imposed by brussels rather than genuine conviction that political forces , to be confirmed the facts .
the main task of this government is in the performance of decisions taken at the summit on october 26 , said пападимос yesterday , opening the parliamentary debate , which will tomorrow vote of confidence of the new executive power .
but the message самараса makes no doubt about his position : " we are ready to help the transitional government , but we do n't promise anything . "
but the european commission , still feeling irritation from the effects caused by allegations of a referendum papandreou in style -- or nothing , reiterated yesterday that its requirements are : she would not help greece if the new government and the leaders of the major parties wo n't sign a written agreement without any ambiguities and as soon as possible . "
queen stressed " the main place of spain in terms of this type of finance "
queen sofia reminded yesterday that over the past two decades , the country has become the second largest donor in terms of instruments , whose " the essence of cooperation , " she said , is that it is " instrument of social progress , fairness and of hope for the future of humanity , based on faith in people . "
spain " still works to expand the network recipients around the world and takes on this task with all of the " responsibility , " says dona sofia and hopes that the efforts and achievements , incurred during the summit , which will continue until thursday , will " ensure the creation of new abilities and the best opportunities for the poorest people , and particularly for women , " of the main recipients of these loans . "
summit on микрокредитованию is becoming not only a platform for debate , but also the platform , which promotes the " two main goals . "
the impulse to create a micro - credit system in spain and elsewhere in the world , " was on the way , " muhammad юнусом начатому years ago , said ms. sofia as " an act of justice and recognition . "
this experience a year later from the first world summit in washington and other meetings , such as those that took place in cote d'ivoire in 1999 , canada in 2006 , and " everywhere i saw the continuous development of , " her majesty said yesterday , whose connection with this project has brought her the title of head of the " family , gathered in вальядолиде " banker of the poor . "
in this regard , she said that it would be a mistake to cooperation with developing countries with the times of economic boom , as it is " constant commitment " .
for spain , the микрокредитование is " one of the main areas of cooperation for development . "
europe 's future was not originally planned in the program , but was itself in the autumn , in particular , to satisfy activists who believe that the government 's policies , not as tough as today in relation to greece and , perhaps tomorrow , in relation to italy ....
out of hs28-0712 delegates just nine voted against the and 10 abstained from voting .
the main idea and chancellor of the draft resolution is in the slogan : " answer to the crisis - not less europe , and more europe " .
in any case , it is one of the proposals of the draft resolution , adopted by congress , an idea , obviously , belongs to вольфгангу schaeuble .
to calm the situation in his party , the chancellor increased the number of references to the konrad adenauer and helmut kohl , but it has not sought to influence congress at the expense of " small " european countries or , in the plight of that love to criticize the " arrogant " , germany .
in fact , it was one of the most humiliating defeats of napoleon 's army .
in the wake of the financial benefits , ump and the government launched an offensive at the hospital sheets .
and to help this наступлению , sprang from a desire to save the difficult situation , but also составляющему part of a right to re - election in the presidential campaign , the majority wants to concentrate on hospital sheets .
obviously , without the consent of the employer , the ill worker will lose the salary for four days , equal to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
and that will be accompanied by other measures with more than symbolic effect , namely to impose state employees one day without paying the sickness ( public servants still did n't have to wait for payment , in contrast to the three - day expectations of the private sector workers ) .
control will become more tight , and in addition , if you get caught , you must return all illegally received payments , " xavier bertrand warned the rtl channel on saturday 13 november .
they really are permanent control and political attacks since 2002 , which yield fruit .
according to the research and documentation of health economics institute , the daily compensation expenses in 2008 , thousands of 11.3 million euros accounted for 5 percent of total health spending .
the average , which hides some deviations ; another study , published in 2007 , the site of the career management monster.com found that 75 percent of the 40,000 french workers surveyed said they did n't take a single day of the hospital .
if these figures compare with figures of the european neighbors , it seems that the french workers do not are more likely to hospital , than any other country .
the level of fraud , which is associated with the sick leave , very low in comparison with the " grey " employment .
tightening the law after the 2002 led to systematic verification of the hospital lasting longer than 45 days .
in the case of systematically проверяемых hospital sheets for more than 45 days from 1.2 million 11 % were " inappropriate or unfounded " , equivalent to 132 000 .
the figures that show little cases , compared with , for example , employment figures " grey " .
пападимос : greece must follow the new plan for the settlement
about prime minister said on monday in parliament on november 14 , adding that lucas пападимос 100 days , provided by his coalition government , was not enough for the task .
the decisions taken at the eurozone summit on october 27 , should be " the main goal of the new government , because " at stake " presence of the countries in the eurozone , " he added .
" we are not going to vote for the new measures , " he said at a meeting with deputies from his party new democracy .
olly renou , european commissioner , responsible for the economy and finance , which warned that the imf and eu do not block the loan in the 8,000 million euros without written guarantees from all parties that they will support the planned measures , antonio самарас answered that his words were enough and that he did not sign anything under outside pressure .
canadians refuse in death , says the report of the royal society of canada
this is one of the findings , participated in the royal society of canada , where the six experts from different areas , including the ethics , law and medicine .
for starters , experts cite the recent study of the economic expert which сравнило the quality of the death in 40 countries around the world .
because of the медикализации or not , but 77 % of canadians do not have access to palliative care , according to experts , appointed by the royal society of canada .
the highest rate in the country in quebec , where 86 percent of total deaths occur in the hospital .
now , according to experts , which also examined the position of all countries , where such actions were legalized or декриминализованы , there is no evidence that decriminalisation of abuse in the application of euthanasia or suicide , with outside help in relation to the people who are unable or unwilling to accept such a decision .
and 66 % believe the legalisation of euthanasia will not signal that the elderly or disabled life is less valuable .
the extension or termination of the medical care , the situation is less than , say the authors of the report .
the committee of experts also requires that health professionals trained in the spirit of respect for the avoidance of medical care at the end of life without fear of prosecution .
finally , in respect of the palliative or terminal sedation , already widely in the canadian healthcare institutions , the committee demands that it was when she is not for blunting the physical pain , not as euthanasia , and has been the same restrictions .
some experts in the field of law , associated with the health care , have already expressed concerns about the conclusion of the expert report of the royal society of canada .
it opens the door for the situation , where anyone tired of life and who more than 18 years , can ask for help in committing suicide , says meter дешан who yesterday was a summary of the report .
he said that " in society is warning signs and prohibitions . "
margaret сомервилль , which is a member of the royal society of canada , the data , in particular , the report , concerning the abuse in some countries , where the outside by legalized euthanasia and suicide , as in the netherlands and oregon .
supporters of the bashar al-assad held a demonstration of yesterday in front of the of the ministry of foreign affairs .
two days after the suspension of syria 's membership in the arab league and the european union tightened sanctions against damascus , syria 's neighbors turkey and jordan have lobbied for president assad 's resignation .
" if bashar had the interests of his country , he would resign , but he also would create the necessary conditions for a new phase of political life , said the king of jordan , neighboring syria of the country , in an interview with the bbc .
those in the middle east , who lives in the world with his people and may not meet his aspirations , will lose power , he said , referring to syria , neighboring country , in relation to which turkey is increasingly hard course .
the international community , the united states , the european union , league of arab states and countries like turkey , are increasingly hard line toward repression in syria , said mark toner , a spokesman for the department of state .
two other civilians were killed during the shooting and shelling from heavy machine guns in джобаре in the besieged city of homs , according to ong .
in addition , he reacted strongly to the arab league decision to exclude damascus , which he said , is " dangerous step . "
after his decision to exclude syria arab league at the moment is the mechanism of protection of civilians and require оптравки 500 members of the arab organization for human rights in the country , journalists and military observers .
new emergency meeting of the league is scheduled for tomorrow in rabat , to discuss the implementation of the exit plan , adopted on november 2 , and which , in particular , the withdrawal of armed forces from cities , where the fighting , and the liberation of the arrested demonstrators .
mario monti 's future head of the italian government asked markets a bit of time to build his team and to carry out a program that would require " victims " to restore solvency , утерянную in the last few months of berlusconi 's rule .
he will have to form a relatively moderate cabinet , made up of technocrats , not in the parliament .
chamber of deputies speaker gianfranco fini said that he would have waited to learn to ask whether mario monti , the parliament until the friday vote of confidence , to verify that the new government has enough support .
mr. monti said yesterday 's stock market nervousness and bondholders , asking them time .
his appointment as president was initially approved by the markets , but the anxiety arose again , in particular after the unexpected fall in eurozone industrial production in september .
the new government will have to act until 2013 , date of the next election , he said .
mr monti guaranteed that , on the job , he will work tirelessly to ensure that italy will be an important actor in europe again .
the european union , convinced that rome does not target budget for 2013 , despite the austerity plan , adopted in recent months , demanded , in particular , the new austerity measures .
mr. monti , known for his competence and independence in the european commissioner ( 1994-2004 ) , is " era of change " for italy after 17 years " берлусконизма " , " professor , " the challenge of the severity of the " and " another italy " , according to the authors передовиц .
president napolitano would have been glad to avoid fast elections as the april 2012 italy should make the payments on government debt on the amount of 200,000 million euros .
russian scientist vyacheslav danilenko helped iran develop a detonator , suitable for use in nuclear weapons , confirmed on monday , the u.s. agency , which specializes in the area of nuclear danger .
last week the iaea has expressed concern about " possible military aspects of the " iran 's nuclear program
in 1989 or 1991 he left the center to create a company , производящую " наноалмазы " in kiev .
he then cooperated with the iranian program from 1996 to 2002 , before returning to russia
according to these figures , the total number of cases of violence against muslims has grown from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , which equals the growth of 49 % , compared to 13 % increase in incidents of violence against catholics , 4 % reduction in attacks on jews and 14 % increase in the number of crimes on religious grounds .
after a decline in 2009 is growing concern that the number of these crimes again , the organization for human rights , human rights first , an increase in cases of violence against muslims " very much , " the organization in the official report adds .
" the u.s. government can and must do more to deal with these crimes , he adds , believing it can be done by improving the police report hate crimes . "
this law was passed after the death of martin luther king to be punished for acts of violence related to the race , color , religion , nationality and in our days of sexual orientation .
on monday , the twitter site микроблога made changes in the submission of their platform , which would allow its users , in particular , those for whom they see activity monitored , that makes this service like facebook .
it is an opportunity to learn if they published reports , if they 're подпишутся on new accounts , if they have selected messages , etc.
twitter , which has long been known as intuitively rather vague and uses pretty vague terms ( rt for перепоста someone 's else 's собщения , #followfriday for recommendations track other users ) , mainly in bringing pleasure experienced users , thus reveals himself to a wider audience , presenting users something closer to the popular social networks facebook and google + .
" it is useless , intrusive and too reminiscent of facebook . "
the large coalition of the social democrats and christian democrats , in power in austria , decided tuesday to record budgetary " golden rule " in the constitution in order to reduce the deficit and thus avoid the possibility of state credit rating agencies downgrade austria ( triple - a ) .
if the solvency of austria fell by only one point , from aaa to aa + , we would have to pay interest on the three thousand million euros more every year , the argument the vice - chancellor and foreign minister of the christian democrats , michael шпинделеггер .
ruling , the austrian government , reminiscent of the " german model , " because germany was the first european country , is the " rule . "
the goal is to make public debt below 60 % mark , the maastricht treaty , in 2020/2021 .
we вмешаемся , as they did last time , if fit excessive yen volatility of exchange rate , mr. noda сенату explained .
in this day in tokyo sold yen for dollars in the large - scale , to reduce the value of the japanese currency , which established a new record in power since 1945 .
on tuesday , the dollar fell below 77 yen and the euro has fallen below the symbolic bar in the 105 yen , close to the level that triggered the latest intervention .
growth of the japanese currency is hurting japanese exports , because it makes japanese products more expensive and japanese firms reduces the amount of income from abroad when converted in the currency .
the world 's third - largest economic power , resumed growth in the third quarter of -1 % 5 % in comparison with the previous quarter for the first time in the year , thanks to the rise in exports and household consumption , from disaster victims
finance minister дзюн адзуми called on the bank of japan ( boj ) , which opened its monetary policy council meeting on tuesday , to take all necessary steps to weaken the yen .
in the last meeting at the end of october эмитирующая organization has increased the 5,000 million yen ( 47,000 million euro ) purchase of treasury bonds , raising to 55.000 thousand million yen ( 519 million euros ) ceiling amounts , which she highlights the purchase of various financial instruments , to satisfy the stock market .
despite the appointment of new heads of state in greece and italy and improved growth in france and germany , the rates in the unstable countries continue to grow
in the paris cac 40 lost 1.4 percent at 10 a.m. and ended trading on the level of 3.064 points .
in connection with the new challenges with loans to eurozone countries , in the difficult position that the stock markets around the world continue to lose part of its recent achievements .
tokyo stock exchange closed since the fall of 0.7 per cent under new doubts of the market participants for europe 's ability to contain the debt crisis .
this is a return of the worries about the future of the eurozone hit a single currency , which on tuesday continued to fall .
the 10 a.m. , the european currency was 1,3570 the dollar , falling 0.4 % .
early tuesday morning , italian 10 - year bond yields reached 6,85 % while spanish bond yields the same maturity reached 6.2 % .
mario monti 's head of the future of the italian government asked the exchanges have time to restore the situation in italy , under the threat of its debt under the weight .
spain came under fire in the markets before the parliamentary election on sunday .
insee , despite this , to reduce the numbers in the second quarter , with the fall of 0.1 per cent of gross domestic product ( gdp ) instead of stagnation .
germany , in turn , the growth of 0.5 % over the same period .
if there is a theme , the decision which cannot be taken after the short discussion or under the influence of the emotions , is an energy policy .
this is a healthy trend that electoral meeting place , and become an occasion for reflection on the share of their nuclear energy .
france needs to build their opinion on objective facts and data on the rational .
during the same period will be necessary to complete a growing scarcity of fossil resources , to continue electricity production time , not forgetting the critical need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , to fight climate imbalance - theme , which disappeared from the environmental debate .
that 's why germany is one in the decision to abandon the nuclear energy .
on the other hand , great britain , finland , poland , czech republic , the netherlands , sweden , south africa , china , india , brazil is only a few of those who strongly to their projects .
although the german model , based on renewable energy , sometimes cited as an example , the reality belies this argument .
european champion construction of turbines , from which she receives 30 percent of its electricity , as well as the biggest consumer of coal and gas прерывистого due ; the wind , carbon dioxide emissions and electricity prices by 65 per cent , respectively , and 50 % higher than average in europe .
as the price of energy in a globalized economy a key factor in competitiveness and the service of industrial equipment in the national territory , the french company benefiting from cheap electricity in europe .
the price that the majority of the french refuse to pay more because they have no objection in principle , this type of energy .
heavily export - oriented , it attracts a плеяду specialized in the international trade in small and medium - sized enterprises and create many jobs that may not be moved to another industry .
what engineer and electrician would order the epr , calculated to sixty years , if the planned closure of its manufacturer ?
low - carbon development of areva decisions , nuclear and renewable energy , indicating взаимодополнимости sources .
in france we have the security body that monitors existing edged and transparent energy centres , such as the фламанвиль .
in 50 years ago the nuclear industry has survived three serious of the incident .
in the chernobyl reactor and unforgivable human error led to the tragedy .
nuclear industry извлечет lessons from this accident as the learned from the previous two .
as it is all the specialists in the field of energy to build a reactor , halt its construction in фламанвиле will be a great gift to areva and edf , menacing them ​​путь toward the conquest of leadership in the imminent development of nuclear energy .
then the administrative harassment of foreign students , which in the news , when the minister of interior ( " либерасьон " from france on may 23 ) said that " do n't need foreign talent , bricklayers and waiters . "
both sides see immigration as a burden for the french economy and for the french society .
in its programme in francois hollande ограничился platitudes , saying that " joint work will solve our immigration . "
as ian goldin and remind us economists jeffrey cameron in a recent book , обобщившей past data on immigration ( special : how migration shaped our world and people will determine our future , may 2011 , at princeton university , with 352 . ) , a broad consensus among experts about the positive impact of migration flows on economic growth , employment and wages in countries that accept immigrants .
fears for the influence of the immigrants based on the view that they can replace the local workers , especially for low - skilled , provoking cuts in wages .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors that do not attract local labor , and the most skilled in the dynamic sectors , where training is not linked to the proposals .
just as the surgeon would be hard work in the country , where there is a shortage of анестезиологов , complementarity between local and immigrants that the arrival of the immigrants , leads to positively affect the salaries of local workers .
and this without taking into account the fact that diversity , вносимое immigrants , to create new ideas and economic growth ( among american nobel laureates large share of naturalised immigrants , and google , intel , paypal and yahoo were all immigrants are based ) .
according to the organization of labour , in germany , for example , the immigrant , arrived at the age of 30 years for his life will bring the budget net profit ( revenue minus expenses ) in an average of 150,000 euros .
the teeth , which used to scare immigrants , gave exactly the opposite effect .
democracy is fragile and valuable acquisition ; but at the same time .
some thought that democracy has triumphed over their enemies , enough to vote and make it as direct as possible .
universal vote , though it is essential to democracy , it is not sufficient condition and may even be a " tool of suppression " , as republican once philosopher etienne вашро said .
the european crisis , which we are , is the economic crisis , but in the first of all this political crisis and the crisis of democracy .
we did n't win anything , requiring a series of national referendums , organized as needed and in the хаотическом .
no , we dream , but not on the edge of guillotine on the implementation of the joint , clear and constant - on and democracy , this time the pan - european level .
the entire europe submits to the dictates of markets and rating agencies , suffers from its weakness and lack of solidarity .
many worry about the transfer of sovereignty in europe , but the entire europe gradually lose sovereignty , and with each of its nations .
because only collaborative effort of the europeans will reduce the severity of the debt each , free markets and prepare for the future , investing in it .
after a lengthy discussion of this socialist proposals and jacques delors now require all of the european economic government .
but to submit it without a stronger economic , political and democratic integration , вошедшей граздан in life , is another madness and a new impasse .
to establish the republic of france , it was necessary " to create the " republican .
it can only be done through the creation of a more democratic europe on the political level , this popular of the european sovereignty .
in fact , the 2011 year end sales microprocessors ( 11 % rise in the world bank cards , mobile phones with sim cards ) , above , according to the eurosmart , 6 thousand million .
this year in the world will be sold in the 460 million smart cards against бесконтактных 320 million a year earlier .
europe lagged a long time from the asia - pacific region , is now moving forward in the field of бесконтактных payments .
france starts with the more modest positions : 400,000 бесконтактных visa cards are in circulation .
this year in the carrefour issued a $ 2.5 million бесконтактных mastercard pass .
" two large organizations in france promised in the future systematically to distribute among their clients ' bank cards , adapted for the advantage of , " said gerard небуи , general director of the visa europe france .
but this is only the first stage of development in the future of the means of payment , a mobile phone .
" we 're looking at a global sales from 80 to 120 million in 2012 , " explains mark бертен , head of the eurosmart .
crédit agricole yesterday announced the experiment with december in june of next year in the massacre .
подтвердились long предполагавшиеся ties between the terrorist group al qaeda in islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) and the nigerian sect boko haram .
" the way in which use these two organizations , and intelligence reports show that they are actively collaborating , " he explained the details of .
among the debris left after the operation , french and нигерские investigators found a few telephone sim card belonging to the terrorists .
analysis of the place calls , has pointed out several находившихся in mali , niger and nigeria .
" this is a step forward , but of course , you have to wait for the more reliable evidence , before talking about operational cooperation between boko haram and aqmi . "
" for many years , we know that the sect идейную and receives financial support from the outside and that it is becoming more and more active , " says кунле амуво , nigeria researcher .
the international community , led by washington now puts pressure on абуджу , to pay attention to the boko haram , which creates problems .
it focused mainly on the churches , bars and authorities .
in the past christmas she took responsibility for the share , as a result of which 80 people were killed in джосе , and then for the one in abuja .
in august , the local office of the united nations will be their first international goal .
today , when the aqmi has in mali and niger , and the somalis of al-shabaab in kenya , the boko haram poses a challenge to the continent .
can crisis weakened america lead the world with simple , or rather simplistic ideas ?
for a few days , mitt romney , the херман kain , rick perry and other множат loud , but without details of claims on foreign policy , which are traditionally strong republicans .
mitt romney , who has the best chances of nomination from the " good old party , has threatened to sue chinese complaint to the wto and accuse them of manipulating its currency is a sensitive issue for america , migration is as much as its industries in asia .
john huntsman , former obama ambassador to china and the only candidate , the complex foreign policy could not overcome position that потакает emotions .
but huntsman , who is held in the bottom of the ratings , remained неуслышанным .
romney has also promised the military strikes against iran if sanctions will not be able to halt its nuclear program .
" if obama will be re - elected , they will have a bomb . "
entrepreneur херман kane , the second in the ranking candidates demonstrated the daunting ignorance of the cases .
the texas governor rick perry , who supports israel and to the military strikes on iran , says that he was ready to use the us army against drug cartels in mexico .
all this is a far cry from the republican candidate john mccain 's 2008 , тяжеловеса foreign policy .
they remind us that obama was himself a lover and that he had to lower the tone in the respect of the fight against terror .
after iraq did not believe it is in the military intervention that увязают in the sand .
nord stream , the new gates for the entry of russian gas to europe .
he designed in the supply of natural gas equivalent of the 30 million households .
more than 500 guests , including four heads of state and participated in the last tuesday on the banks of the baltic sea , between the performance of the orchestra and exquisite snacks , in the opening of the nord stream , the new pipeline that directly connects russia and germany under water .
under the new pipeline 27.5 million of additional cubic metres of gas will come every year in western europe on the first 1 224 km long pipeline connecting the leningrad region with the land of mecklenburg - pomerania .
and the opportunity to build the pipeline on the same direction have already been discussed .
the two countries will lose part of its power : they will be difficult to influence russia , threatening to shut down access to the western european markets .
but the price of europe 's energy , because the project has created the gap between the eastern and western europe .
" this pipeline is a part of the cooperation with russia , a new artery that connects us organically , " said francois fillon , opening the pipeline , showing the extent to which the large gas contracts are important politically and economically .
" a hundred needed to remove or destroy them as a precaution , " said jens mueller , a spokeswoman for the company 's north flow .
the pipeline is a long metal snake weight , equal weight 242 эйфелевых towers , without breaks across its length , without вентилей service stations .
" we close the flow of gas in the case of accident less than a minute , " says jens muller .
but this seems unlikely designers who design the stitches протечку only once in 100,000 years .
сигароообразный аппарат introduced a 1 - meter diameter pipeline inside and pushed forward the flow of gas .
gas pipeline was designed to work for 50 years without the need for any repairs .
these five companies created a joint venture , called the north stream , which had been ordered to build and operate the pipeline .
then gazprom gave the company leases the twenty years with the possibility of extension of the entire amount of gas .
gas pipeline construction financing was provided on the 30 % of the shareholders and the 70 % of the banking loans .
gas pipeline out of the baltic sea in любмине on the sandy beach , засаженный coniferous trees .
sensors measure pressure , temperature and unique characteristics of the gas before перекачать it in the german gas pipelines .
at full capacity it will be 3 million in an hour , and 6 million in 2012 .
moleskine , created by italian company fifteen years ago , recover the taste of writing .
moleskine notepad easily on a rectangular black cover резинке , yellowish - white pages , like пожелтевшим over time .
the italian company modo modo , which is based in milan , decided to run in the sale of designer notepads .
notepad inspired by old technique of production , молескином - lacquered cotton fabric used , for example , the покрывания benches .
" moleskine brought in line with today 's taste of old and forgotten , which was a cult thing for artists - авангардистов until the 20th century , " said maria себрегонди management , which has since become a brand in modo modo .
from 2006 to 2010 , sales increased 25 % and reached 12.7 million units .
moleskine crossed the border of italy and are exported in 70 countries , from france to the united states .
it distributes its notepads in bookshops , fnac магазинчиках in small cities and to gain notoriety .
this characteristic cultural trait accompanies development of moleskine recently organized the exhibition " brand ; окольный way " , where architects and artists demonstrated their собственнные notepads .
using his success and the cultural aura , moleskine разнообразил their products , which now include bags , pens , handbags for pc brand includes all sorts of support .
among them the more older : 37 % ( 17 percent in the average age of 50 ) .
finally , the very common long - term unemployment , which accounts for 85 % against 38 % in the average for the disabled .
a study in april by the association of ims - entreprendre on behalf of cité , showed that the managers had a low level of knowledge about disability and " imagined of people in wheelchairs or mentally ill or mentally неполноценных . "
recent well - known figures , relating to the 2008 , the value of 2.6 % .
proof : the number of " taxable " organizations , like paid sums of money , dropped to 46 in 2011 with 59 000 000 organizations ( and 606 to 480 million euro ) .
" but this improvement also reflects the rise of consciousness , in particular , the big enterprises . "
we do n't we to argue that , between them was a conspiracy , but the picture символична .
five months after the antics of his attacker in the match against turkey , the belgian coach can only praise him .
" i just want to go ahead , " says a player of lille .
" i am in the lille all year round , but not in belgium . "
left in reserve , in the run - up of the match with france , in the game against romania on friday evening , azar arrived in saint - denis , to the " sparkle " .
he has supported blue from the age of 7 and skillful campaign in 1998 and 2000 .
" pride " also claim a " neighbor " that france " has become a team of very high level again " just one year after injury in the найзне .
" we are building something , players are ambitious , they are hungry . "
