honourable senators , what happened here last Tuesday , ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first to committee . 
i rise to the Senate committee that will be surprised and what it really know independent . 
i am not so much to the concerns that time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the Senate that undertaking a business . 
it is important to a committee , as in principle to determine what these new Senate committee , some senators sit . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the new indeed of . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name honourable senators , I do . 
you will see that it cannot , I am kind ? 
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research . 
one must accept it , do the job when a . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient their in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
it is then sitting in the House of Commons or the Senate Ni . 
they sat in the proceedings of women , all three senators on the committee . 
the leadership of the Senate committee could not find it to a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked senator Carstairs took note , to say , hon. . 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it was the first was that the representation of women to address it in a report . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
in this regard , I was on the senator Finestone replaced by for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how , when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate honourable House . 
the verdict is that each senators on television . 
by a group of students , or any of journalists wondered or . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , I think it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it should be in a position , or any part of a committee meetings accept a senator intended . 
we are not the words in the corridors which members of the : 
do you today and in committee , there is a committee to study after two years in '' , " Présentez final question . 
they do not even know what they came to power , they are viewed as their stand stand to them . 
they do not know what happened no . 
the words " '' , " and " is in our commitment to the speech continuité senators honourable way . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
if we as parliamentarians who are concerned about the committee , I do not do that my own créerai world affairs . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if you do not speak to adopt the motion , is it the pleasure of senators , like other hon. Senator honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
